# Friday Tasks:

## USER LOGIN
  1. *DONE* Fix registration and login.
  2. *almost DONE* Render show page for user profile

## VIDEO COLUMN
  1. Place videos in list grid, limit size.
  2. Add "New" Button to add a new idea by current_user
  3. Add user_id to videos.
  4. Add a "+" icon to the right of the Username above the video that allows following a user (see task below)


## IDEA COLUMN
  1. Display first 300 characters of content
  2. Add "New" Button to add a new idea by current_user
  3. Display @user above the @idea.title with link to User#Show
      - BD started working on this. Not sure if need strong params for Devise User Controller
  4. Add AJAX functionality so when click on an individual idea, corresponding videos show immediately
  5. Add a "+" icon to the right of the Username that allows following a user (see task below)
  6. Associate the Idea with a User. When expand Idea from Index to Idea#Show page, display all users who contributed to the idea.

## SEPARATE SCROLLING
    The Idea column and the Video column have separate scrolling on the Idea index.
      1. Also prevent the right column from being placed beneath the left when the browser is shrunk (responsive-limitation).
          a. See http://www.bootply.com/60614 for example

## MAPS API
  Add Google Maps API so that users can search for other users based on location.
    a. Allow users to hide their name from location-based searches

## VOTE ALGO
  Users can upvote and downvote an idea or video, once.

## SEARCH
  Add search functionality for ideas, tags, and formats.

## SORT
  Add sort by Top voted, Top forked, Top discussed, New, Rising
  Add sort by Tags
  Add sort by Format
  Add sort by Time uploaded
  Add sort by Location

## FOLLOW USERS
  Users can follow other users

## FAVORITE (PIN) IDEAS
  Users can pin their favorite ideas, where they can access them from their newsfeed

## NEWS FEED
  User#Show = Newsfeed displaying ideas generated by followed users and pinned ideas.
    a. An idea rises to the top of the newsfeed if it is modified, branched, receive 5 votes.
        * User can specify if they will receive updates from new branches of a followed idea.

## PARAMETERS CONTAINER
  Place the search/sort parameters in a collapsible container on the Ideas#Index

## CONSUME VIEW
    a. User clicks a button and the index is rendered through AJAX as a consume view
        1. This means:
            * No tabs
            * No content
            * No recommended format

***

# Why Helix?

Consumption of visual performance is changing, and so is production. The Internet is connecting producers, artists, and consumers in an unprecedented way. And it is exciting.

Helix is intended to capitalize on these changing winds. It will connect the three most important classes in entertainment: Content creatives, Visual performers, and Consumers.

For content creatives, aka writers, they will connect with other writers to advance an idea in a public or private platform. Their idea will then be brought to life by visual performers in the community.

For performing artists, they can browse a selection of ideas and projects to showcase their talent.


# FUTURE IDEAS and USER STORIES

1. Users can work on an idea in private with a team, and when complete, host a public or private autitioning session.
2.
3. Top writers/performers will be ranked and invited to write/act for a sitcom/short/film/etc.
4. Characters from different sitcoms/shows may meet each other in join shows

# USER PROFILE

Includes a list of links to the Users' presence around the web. Minimalist.

### Paid vs. Non-Paid Profiles

1. Paid Memberships:
    a. Consumption Pro - $1/month. View and vote on all pro content.
    b. Contributor Pro - $2/month. Contribute to pro projects, and view and vote on all pro projects.

2. Unpaid Memberships:
    a. Consumption Basic - View up to 5 hours of pro content. Up to 25 votes.
    b. Contributor Basic - Contribute to other basic projects only.



